New data source: azuread_directory_object (#847)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/data-sources/principal_type.md

---
subcategory: "Base"
---

# Data Source: azuread_principal_type

> Gets the OData Object type for a single given Object ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the OData type for a generic directory object having the provided object ID.
```

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this data source.

When authenticated with a service principal, this data source requires either `Group.Read.All` or `Directory.Read.All`

When authenticated with a user principal, this data source does not require any additional roles.

## Example Usage

*Look up and output type of object by ID*
```terraform
data "azuread_principal_type" "example" {
  object_id = "object-id"
}

output "principal_type" {

>   value = "${data.azuread_principal_type.example.type}"

Reviewer: No need for interpolation here
```suggestion
  value = data.azuread_principal_type.example.type
```
